Add note about the media source search feature in immich (#46688)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/immich.markdown

A [media source](/integrations/media_source/) is provided for your [Immich](https://immich.app/) albums. It shows only the assets you own or that are shared with you. If you have multiple Immich integrations in Home Assistant (_one integration for each Immich user_), only the assets for that specific user are shown. The assets are grouped by albums, people, and tags.

### Search

> The search is not a simple filename search; it is contextual and requires the [Smart Search](https://docs.immich.app/features/searching) feature to be enabled on your Immich server. Because it is context-aware, the results depend on where you start your search: for example, starting from the albums overview will only return assets in albums, while searching from a specific person's overview will only show assets related to that person.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The search is not a simple filename search. It is contextual and requires the [Smart Search](https://docs.immich.app/features/searching) feature to be enabled on your Immich server. Because it is context-aware, the results depend on where you start your search. For example, starting from the albums overview will return only assets in albums, while searching from a specific person's overview will return only assets related to that person.
```

> The search is not a simple filename search; it is contextual and requires the [**Smart Search**](https://docs.immich.app/features/searching) feature to be enabled on your Immich server. Because it is context-aware, the results depend on where you start your search: for example, starting from the albums overview will only return media in albums, while searching from a specific person's overview will only show images related to that person.

Author: It doesn't search for filenames at all, therefore the wording "is not a simple filename search". But I agree on consistently using the asset wording.

> The search is not a simple filename search; it is contextual and requires the [**Smart Search**](https://docs.immich.app/features/searching) feature to be enabled on your Immich server. Because it is context-aware, the results depend on where you start your search: for example, starting from the albums overview will only return media in albums, while searching from a specific person's overview will only show images related to that person.

Author: ```suggestion
The search is not a simple filename search; it is contextual and requires the [Smart Search](https://docs.immich.app/features/searching) feature to be enabled on your Immich server. Because it is context-aware, the results depend on where you start your search: for example, starting from the albums overview will only return assets in albums, while searching from a specific person's overview will only show assets related to that person.
```
